[DO NOT MERGE YET] chore: V6 Getting Started - React, React Native, Angular, Vue & Vanilla JS (#6184)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/start/getting-started/angular/data-model.mdx

Accept the **default values** which are highlighted below:

```console
? Select from one of the below mentioned services:
# GraphQL
? Here is the GraphQL API that we will create. Select a setting to edit
or continue
# Continue
? Choose a schema template:
# Single object with fields (e.g., “Todo” with
 ID, name, description)
✔ Do you want to edit the schema now? (Y/n)
# yes
```

The generated schema is for a Todo app. Replace the GraphQL schema at `amplify/backend/api/RestaurantAPI/schema.graphql` with the following:

```graphql
type Restaurant @model @auth(rules: [{ allow: public }]) {
  id: ID!
  name: String!
  description: String!
  city: String!
}
```

> The GraphQL Transform Library provides custom directives you can use in your schema that allow you to do things like define data models, set up authentication and authorization rules, configure serverless functions as resolvers, and more. In the example schema above, the `@model` directive is part of Amplify's [GraphQL transformer](/cli/graphql/data-modeling) functionality and the `@auth` directive determines what [authorization rules](/cli/graphql/authorization-rules/) to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify's GraphQL API provides custom directives you can use in your schema that allow you to do things like define data models, set up authentication and authorization rules, configure serverless functions as resolvers, and more. In the example schema above, the `@model` directive is part of Amplify's [GraphQL API](/cli/graphql/data-modeling) functionality and the `@auth` directive determines what [authorization rules](/cli/graphql/authorization-rules/) to apply.
```

```typescript
import { Amplify } from 'aws-amplify';

> import amplifyconfig from './amplifyconfiguration.json';
> Amplify.configure(amplifyconfig);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import amplifyconfig from './amplifyconfiguration.json';

Amplify.configure(amplifyconfig);
```
